---
authors:
  - mbaxter
date: 2025-11-25
slug: 4.3.0
---

FactionsUUID 4.3.0 contains the following changes:

### Big Changes

* Now targets and requires Minecraft 1.21.10 and will not run on older versions.
* Migrated several systems to MiniMessage:
    * The FUUID-provided scoreboard (sidebar and prefix/suffix), `/f show`, and `/f list` are all updated.
    * The new lines are in `translations.conf` and your previous lines are still available for reference in `main.conf`.
        * Unfortunately it is too complicated to transition automatically.
    * See the shiny new [Placeholder](../../placeholders.md) page for documentation on how to use it and check out the new defaults for a start.
* Added many more [MiniMessage placeholders](../../placeholders.md)
    * Selection placeholders (`if`)
        * For example, `<faction:if_permanent>Permanent</faction:if_permanent>` will only say "Permanent" if the faction is permanent.
    * General placeholders (`<fuuid:placeholder>`)
        * A variety of placeholders, including colors, that do not depend on a particular player or faction.
    * Improved the `papi_open` player placeholder to work better in more situations.
    * Added `papi_mini` player placeholder for when another plugin passes content as MiniMessage.


### Small Changes

* Added 'container' protection for chiseled bookshelf and all shelf types.
    * Be sure to reach out if you notice missing protections!
* Changed `/f confirm` to use a `factions.confirm` permission node, which is granted by default.
* Enabled ability to rename and add aliases to `list` and `show` subcommands.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed title setting permission checks to allow admins to set their own title.
* Fixed a couple low-stakes potential exception-throwing bugs nobody has reported.

### Developer API

* Added `Faction#isRaidable()` as a helper method for checking if a faction is raidable.
* Added `Econ.shouldBeUsedWithBanks()` which is true when economy and faction banks are enabled.
* Added some more deprecations for removal in version 5.0 of the plugin.
* Reminder: Classes flagged as `@ApiStatus.Internal` may be messed with at any time. 